Mention in SSE docs that support is limited by deployment platform (#184)
sergiodxa/remix-utils: README.md

}
```

> The `event` name in both the event stream and the hook is optional, in which case it will default to `message`, if defined you must use the same event name in both sides, this also allows you to emit different events from the same event stream.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `event` name in both the event stream and the hook is optional, in which case it will default to `message`, if defined you must use the same event name in both sides, this also allows you to emit different events from the same event stream.
```

```

The `event` name in both the event stream and the hook is optional, in which case it will default to `message`, if defined you must use the same event name in both sides, this also allows you to emit different events from the same event stream.

> For Server-Sent Events to work, your server mus support HTTP streaming. Therefore, it won't work in services like AWS lambda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For Server-Sent Events to work, your server must support HTTP streaming. If you don't get SSE to work check if your deployment platform has support for it.
```
